theme = gruvbox
window-theme = system
background-opacity = 0.9

window-padding-x = 2
window-padding-y = 5
window-padding-balance = true
window-save-state = always

# Cursor & Input
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = false

# Clipboard & Selection
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
copy-on-select = clipboard
clipboard-paste-protection = false
confirm-close-surface = false

# Font Configuration
font-family = "Fira Code"
font-style = "Regular"
font-family-bold = "Fira Code"
font-style-bold = "Bold"
font-family-italic = "Fira Code"
font-style-italic = "Italic"
font-family-bold-italic = "Fira Code"
font-style-bold-italic = "Bold Italic"

font-family = "GeistMono Nerd Font"

font-size = 16
font-thicken = false

selection-invert-fg-bg = true
keybind = shift+enter=text:\n

